add(epp): hyper-v nscp api staging (#1375)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-20.04/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/virtualization-hyperv-nscp-restapi.md

    --mode=query \
    --custommode=nsclient \
    --hostname='10.0.0.1' \
    --username=centreon \
    --password=centreon \
    --insecure \
    --http-backend=curl \
    --command=check_centreon_plugins \
    --arg='apps::microsoft::hyperv::2012::local::plugin' \
    --arg='node-vm-status' \
    --arg='--filter-vm="" --verbose' \
    --verbose
```

The expected command output is shown below:

```bash
OK: All virtual machines are ok 
VM 'vm1' status: Operating normally (state: Running, is clustered: 1)
VM 'vm2' status: Operating normally (state: Running, is clustered: 0)
VM 'vm3' status: Operating normally (state: Running, is clustered: 1)
```

All available options for a given mode can be displayed by adding the 
`--help` parameter to the command:

```bash
/usr/lib/centreon/plugins/centreon_protocol_nrpe.pl \
    --plugin=apps::protocols::nrpe::plugin \
    --mode=query \
    --custommode=nsclient \
    --hostname='10.0.0.1' \
    --username=centreon \
    --password=centreon \
    --insecure \
    --http-backend=curl \
    --command=check_centreon_plugins \
    --arg='apps::microsoft::hyperv::2012::local::plugin' \
    --arg='node-vm-status' \
    --arg='--help'
```

> All available options for a given mode can be displayed by adding the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All available modes can be displayed by adding the 
```
